a product japanese minister shinzo abe
arrived late morning in Djibouti
he is accompanied in this displacement
with about a hundred journalists
Japanese Prime Minister Abe shinzo
was to calculate his plane descent
by the Minister for Cooperation
international will test ties the
lot massador from japan to djibouti
the japanese premier shinzo abe
went directly to the
Japanese airport base on the ground
Djibouti
so he was greeted on his way down
of plane on the tarmac of the airport
Ambouli International by the Minister
delegate for international cooperation
arm is ali and if there he then
returned to the Japanese base so soon after
his plane ride the prime minister
japanese shinzo abe went to camp
Japanese military he visited the
Japanese contingent facilities
installed in djibouti since april 2011
and always within the framework of the forces of
the international coalition deployed to
Djibouti in the fight against
maritime piracy in the areas of the
Somali coast
hosted at the scene by the
commander commander of the military contingent
nippon he was greeted by a whole
unity of any strength of the contingent
Japanese who was in Djibouti in the
cadre of in the frames of the forces of
the international coalition deployed to
Djibouti
he visited particular planes but
also the Japanese military camp
always with the head of the
Japanese military contingent
alongside the deployed military forces
dubout type in the cadres of forces
of the international coalition that is
found since April 2011 in Djibouti so
just after this visit to the camps
Japanese military the president of the
republic ismail omar guelleh a
met so late in the morning the
japanese premier shinzo abe who
make his first friendly visit to
Djibouti at the base of the contingent
Japanese military deployed in the sub
region alongside the strength of the
international coalition in salazie
shop in the fight against
maritime piracy
the first will be Japanese who has
chose the boutis for his first visit
on the camp on the African continent
met with the head of state
at the presidential palace in the presence of
members of his delegation
including a dozen highs
responsible for the prime minister and they
different departments including
secures the dry the executive secretary
of the prime
hiroshi on oki of a security of the
Secretary General of the Japanese Ministry
director's foreign affairs
General of the Department for
African affairs of the Director General
Cooperation Office
international organization or
the ambassador of japan to djibouti
atsushi li chuck next to the bouscat on
could we could see big and assisted
rather at this friendship interview of the
butoh the shoulder the prime minister had
indicated the Minister of Agriculture
madam is to whalley the minister delegate
to international cooperation and that's
there the director general of security
national to this series very the
Secretary General of the Presidency of
the republic rejoices sentheim and of
their discussions the president the
republic and are another type in a
especially reaffirmed their will
to work for the strengthening of
cooperative friendship relations
bilateral, but also peace in the
world and in the sub region
the first will be japanese shinzo abe who
so had what happened this morning and
had the opportunity
visit the Japanese military camp at
Djibouti
between news